# AirBnB-Price-Prediction
Price prediction using KNIME. Data source: http://insideairbnb.com/get-the-data.html 

In the project, we aimed to analyze the Airbnb properties in Vienna, extract meaningful information from the data, and establish a forecasting model that would answer the price-oriented questions we generated. As a first step of data preparation, normalization and format changes were performed on the necessary columns. In the next stage missing data treatment and outlier extraction were conducted in order to clean the dataset. As a result, all features were present, no missing values and/or outliers remained. After familiarizing ourselves with all the data, we formulated an important and overarching question to guide our research, which is: How do house prices and incomes differ in different districts and/or neighborhoods in Vienna? We also had two sub-questions to get more insight into the matter: Which features have the biggest impact on price? Also, what are the most popular and most expensive amenities?
We created models to answer these questions and tested these models for score prediction as well. We compared our results in this report. As a result, we achieved an r^2 value of 57% using Gradient Boosting Machine Learner for price prediction. Ultimately, our goal was to be able to make price predictions as a way to encourage future hosts and potential users to make price adjustments based on certain features in a particular property. This project has succeeded in establishing a model that can guide users in terms of pricing.
